Sometimes I don't know what I'm doing with my life anymore 
#depressed #B-D 
I think everyone feels that way at some point in their life. This probably happens when we distance ourselves from God and small things in life hits us like a truck

For example I will try to explain my case. Something happened the other day , dawn of 16th may. We just returned from [[SanZ]]'s cousin [[Rimon]] 's engagement. Boy I got some stories to tell. Two things I would like to record in my journal. One, my analysis of [[Rimon]] s behavior on 15th May. I didn't have a good impression.But like always I am trying to see it in a good light. Although, sometimes the heart likes to rebel, and the mind cannot contain it.
Another incident, is what happened in the dawn of 16. we were enjoying each other, and i r'd/e'd.Then i got a bad mood, due to [[POIS]] i think. So when I got hit in the face, I made a poor reaction. Next day I am hearing I am going fat and not studying. This saddened me for no reason. Not like i cannot take criticism.But the fact that I cannot explain my case. The fact that others may not understand. And while i am saying this, it feels kinda relieving to know that this is the case for everyone else. No one truly understands the other. Only God can understand us. That's what My belief is thus far. Some days I am a hard rebel I question everything, i feel angry, and I question my religion, my faith, my long standing opinions z everything. Because something somewhere is not clicking and I am so ignorant that I search everywhere. Some days my confidence is low, but it is not my fault. Some days I am just not the me I am everyday. Some days i like to take a deep dive, in the muddy waters. Confused, but hopeful. In search of truthz in search of meaning. These days, I don't even have the time to think. This, i never imagined or wanted to imagine, would happen. 

[[I need to carry vaseline with me]]



