
- [ ] Sunday Take Time from Jobiar Miah
- [ ] Sunday Take 40K and go to Port
- [ ] Sunday meeting with asifz muntaha, Ram
- [ ] Sunday deal with Prajukta's invoice
- [ ] Work on monthly report today
- [ ] Sunday deal with vehicle rent agreement
- [ ] Deal with mobile allowance and printer requisition
- [ ] armpits-hair
- [ ] Ammu ke taka deya baki
- [ ] Finance update kora baki
- [ ] Poromanunte apply kora baki
- [ ] bdjobs e video cv deya baki
- [ ] chul kata baki
- [ ] Table kina baki

Ajke 9.36 e uthsi. Ekhno nasta kori nai. Fazr Kaja hoyeche. Ajke jethu knock dibe MOM er jonno ar Local ra boshe ase MPR er jonno. Jobiar miah theke time jeyao joruri. Erpor jethuke janano lagbe.

Sanji ke tule nasta korte pari. Erpor gusl kore arm.. 1.5 ghonta

Erpor MoM e kaj korar jonno Jethu hoyto knock dibe. Ready thaka lagbe, 2 ghonta

Trapor ami MPR ta kore local Sir derke dibo 2, ghontar kaj

Erpor jobiar miah ke knock dite pari

Tarpor ber hoye ekta table kinte pari, tala tulte pari, velpuri khaite pari

Ar muhibke ektu somoy dibo

Ajker plan etukui rakhi
giti 

Plan abar kortisi. nasta done. Gusl done. underarm done. Chaa khaisi. Ekhon MPR e kaj kortisi. MPR ta local expert der ke deyar somoy bole dite hobe,
1. Env section e blank table rakha hoise for Jobiar Sir
2. If using AI, kindly avoid using same abbreviations again and again Sir . For example please write IE , instead of writing Independent Engineer (IE) each time

Jumar time kache asche. MOM er jonno ekhno call pai ni. Uni Ram er visit schedule/plan kortese boshe boshe. hoyto MOM tay dupurer/lunch er pore kaj korte pare. MPR ta ami raate korte pari ba lunch er por. Ekhon jottuk pari agay rakhbo jumar ag porjonto. Erpor , Muhibke ektu time deya lagbe. Jobiar miah reply korle Sir ke janay deya lagbe.  Apaptoto priority kaj baki ase MOM, MPR, Table Kina, Taka Tula, Ajke Apply kore fela, Muhibke time deya

- [ ] Ammur Glucometer, Inflame kena lagbe
- [ ] badam kena lagbe

#positive-results 
really liking the planning method I adopted yesteraday and today. I started the day with planning in a passage/narrative writing style. No to-dos, no calendar, no  checkboxes. Just plain story writing,. I will first do this, then i will do that . ....this way. And i think it worked really nicely because our brains actually thinks in stories-narratives i think. It imagines and creates within itself. This helped me to start working on the mpr today and i have gotten quite far, more than i expected. I think this is an effective way of managing my tasks, organizing or planning the day. I have used task trackers, to do lists and i i did not find this much effectiveness before.

I have already completed my gusl today. The underarm part was also done. Woke up fairly nicely. And started working on the wardrobe standing. I think this is quite a productive way to work . Standing style.

Lets plan next tasks again and recap today.

Did not do the MOM work. Jethu worked on the laldia RFP. He is now stressing the t&cp of the project and requests a meeting 12 to 1 on sunday. He wants to work tomorrow, Satday, despite the holiday. Says there are a couple of w


