08:19
## Key Things to Always Keep in Mind

To Fix health I need to fix discipline
To be disciplined, I need faith. trust in Allah and sincere and honest work
I need honesty and sincerity in my life
And Self- Control. I have given too much power to the inner beast
Fixing Iman, being sincere in my Ibadat should translate to all other parts of my life, so that I will be sincere and honest in my wordly conduct, and that would in turn result in a good life. Health is bad, career is stale, imaan is weak , parents are getting old, time to be a father. I am in a critical state of life.
# Thoughts / Brain Dump section


dob bollei arch eng bujhe jabe
amar barti explanation shadahron er bujhar jonno
arch engr ke dob blnotun kore bujhanor kisu nai eta jekono project design er basic requirements
eta na bujhleo beshi disappointijg
however proyoj  mone korle amar shathe kotha bolte pare
or amar office e ashte parw ami office thikana niche diye dicchi
reagrding committee, i presume it is an adhoc committee. there are about 500 plots ultimately there will be 500 members.for sustainable relationships amomg the cminity, protita bushoy transparent howa dorkar.
normal procedure for project implementation -
for implementing any orject there are specific procedures even committee or whoever cannot appoint one engr , architect/purchase different mateials as they like based on reputation/friendship. everything alhas to go by a transperant rporcess that is tender orocess. even if someone wihses to offer free service has to come thriugh competition along wiht anyone else who wants to serve based on free of service . that xase selection of quality.

ultimately it will be monimum 100 million and above taka prokect if we do kto practice transpecy in the project implementation proeced there remains scope for questions and misunderstanding. wechave to keep in mimd that it is ultimately a kind of public . If we do mot follow proper procedures from the beginning a sustainable/spriit mutual cooperation env will not ladt
And Adhoc committee ke manush recognize korbe tara adhoc thaka obosthay kivabe kaj gula kortese
etao ekta suggestion kivabe prject ta imolement korte hbe
i like to add one more suggestion how to implement a project
i understand all are doing in goood intention but still we need to follow procedures to avoid questioning. This would be recognised and appreciated by people by all members if it is done in a transperant way
I dont know how the engr arch ar selected...but prices should be this
***Thx for response. I explained details for understanding of non-technical members. If there is Engr in the committee  & the Archt should easily understand what is a Design Basis Report. However, if they require further clarification they can contact me over phone or in person in my office. I will be available in Bangladesh from Monday onwards.***** 
***Some more suggestions on project implementation procedure:*** 
***This would be a project of about Tk10 crore + (assuming 5+1). While appreciating good intentions of all members who giving their tome to take the project forward, for transparency & to avoid future questions & misunderstanding among residents of this neighbourhood, I would like to suggest that concern members follow proper project implementation procedure -*** 
1. ***Public Fund & Selection of Engineer , Archt, Contractor, Construction Materials Supplier etc.: The project to be funded by the residents & others, i.e. Public Fund.  Therefore, the fund  should be used in transparent way. Selection of Engr Archt Contractor etc. be done through a competitive tender / quotation process. Even if there is someone willing to provide free consultancy services still it requires to verify if some others also like to offer the services same way. Then selection shall be based on quality & competency of Archt Engr. We shouldn't be appointing someone as Engr Archt or Contractor or material supplier because of someone us know well about him/ their performance or someone's friend relative etc. Appointment process be competitive & transparent way.*** 
2. ***Neighbourhood consist of about 500 members though now 150-200. I understand the different  committees being formed are ad-hoc basis to take the project forward in the present situation. I believe this committees roles would be recognised & appreciated in longrun if all tasks are executed in transparent way.***
However, at this stage, implementation of mosque project, a key task, in a transparent way will add value to their contributions
After the term Adhoc committee;  "I think contribution of Mr Yasin over last decades, who used to contact me to take the project forward, will be remembered by the residents. Also, the initiative, efforts & time of Mr. Zia & others  is very much commendable.

---
