11:31
## Key Things to Always Keep in Mind

To Fix health I need to fix discipline
To be disciplined, I need faith. trust in Allah and sincere and honest work
I need honesty and sincerity in my life
And Self- Control. I have given too much power to the inner beast
Fixing Iman, being sincere in my Ibadat should translate to all other parts of my life, so that I will be sincere and honest in my wordly conduct, and that would in turn result in a good life InshaAllah. As Allah said whoever turns away from His reminder for him is a life of hardship. My Health is bad, career is stale (i am working on it), imaan is weak , parents are getting old, time to be a father. I am in a critical state of life. I must get back on track. I must get back to learning and practising.
# Thoughts / Brain Dump section

I cannot live a hedonistic life anymore #productivity #weakness #decision Leaky gut theory ta niye ektu proa lagbe #POIS #personal-curriculam 

Amar time blocking system google er ta valo lagtesena because of the massive friction in adjusting the time blocks. I need more frictionless system. Considering of using a physical planner book. #tasks/buy 

Amar #notetaking system niyeo question ache. Eta ki thik ache. Naki tag system baad diye ami folder system e jabo.


```handdrawn-ink
{
	"versionAtEmbed": "0.3.4",
	"filepath": "1. Daily Notes/Attachments/Ink/Drawing/2026.6.25 - 14.28pm.drawing",
	"width": 500,
	"aspectRatio": 1
}
```


Ekta system hocche  tag system. Jeta flow kore valo. tag e click korle oi tag wala shob note ee dekhay snapshot a